Hey, everyone. With this,
we've reached the end of the exciting module on Multi-agent RL.
We began by introducing ourselves to the multi-agent systems present in our surroundings.
We reasoned why multi-agent systems are an important puzzle to solving AI,
and decided to pursue this complex topic.
We also studied the Markov games framework,
which is a generalization of MDPs to the multi- agent case.
We talked about using single-agent RL algorithms,
as they are in the multi-agent case.
This either leads to non-stationarity,
or a large joint action space.
We saw the interesting kinds of environments present in
the multi-agent case namely: cooperative, competitive, and mixed.
Towards the end, we implemented
the multi-agent DDBG algorithm which is a centralized training,
and decentralized execution algorithm that can be used in any of the above environments.
That was all from my side.
I hope it was a great learning experience for you.
Thanks a lot for being with me through this journey. Bye-bye.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6